com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/viewModel_remoteBD/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/TaskPlannerApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/CenterMenu_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.CenterMenu_GeneratedInjector
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/data/TarefaDataBase_Impl.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDataBase_Impl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDataBase_Impl$1
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/HeaderMenuBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.HeaderMenuBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_di_ServiceModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_di_ServiceModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/FragmentCrationTaskFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.FragmentCrationTaskFragmentBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/data/TarefaDao_Impl.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$1
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$2
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$3
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$4
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$5
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$6
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$7
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.data.TarefaDao_Impl$8
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/FragmentTaskListFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.FragmentTaskListFragmentBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_viewModel_remoteBD_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_viewModel_remoteBD_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/Hilt_CenterMenu.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.Hilt_CenterMenu
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.Hilt_CenterMenu$1
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.BuildConfig
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_CenterMenu_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_CenterMenu_GeneratedInjector
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/FragmentTrashcanFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.FragmentTrashcanFragmentBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/viewModel_remoteBD/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/di/ServiceModule_ProvideDaoFactory.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.di.ServiceModule_ProvideDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_viewModel_remoteBD_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_viewModel_remoteBD_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/TaskPlannerApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/di/ServiceModule_ProvideTaskServiceFactory.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.di.ServiceModule_ProvideTaskServiceFactory
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.TaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/ActivityFormTaskBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.ActivityFormTaskBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/Hilt_TaskPlannerApplication.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.Hilt_TaskPlannerApplication
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.Hilt_TaskPlannerApplication$1
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/ActivityCentermenuBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.ActivityCentermenuBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/CardLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.CardLayoutBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.DaggerTaskPlannerApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/CreateUserBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.CreateUserBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/aplicationtestinglayout/viewModel_remoteBD/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.aplicationtestinglayout.viewModel_remoteBD.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_aplicationtestinglayout_TaskPlannerApplication
